Hi welcome back to this student I am from the future I came back to a couple of more lectures because
you know I love what I do and I love teaching guys more stuff every single day.
So that way you can gain more knowledge in that big brain of yours.
All right.
Why am I telling you that because you're going to see this and the left side empty.
But don't worry about that.
Just keep following the same pattern that we have been following all along and keep adding files so
that them for you that you got.
That's OK.
All right.
Just learn what I'm teaching you right here.
And then you can do whatever you want with the structure but just keep adding files to that folder.
Right.
So that's in the lecture today.
We're going to learn how to actually open a file.
And if we don't have that file we are going to create a file.
All right.
So let's work with files let's right click on this and create a new file called Writing opening opening
files that should.
All right let's say it.
There we go.
Now saved.
We got it right here on the left side.
It's actually opened some BHB tags.
All right.
And I realize that some of you might be using a different editor.
That's OK.
All right.
I started.
You can use this is very similar to the brackets editor or two other editors out there.
It doesn't matter what type two you use as long as you can follow along with the code and write BHB.
All right.
So the first thing that we are going to be doing is writing creating a variable because we're going
to save the name of the file that we want.
For example is going to be example t t.
Colin.
All right.
So we're going to use a function call f open and this function we're going to pass two parameters.
First the name of the file and what we want to do with it.
In this case W stands for writing.
So we're going to open the file with intention to write it.
That's what it means.
This function is going to return a handle for us is going to return if we was able to write to the file
or if it was not.
And we going to save that information in a variable call handle.
Then after we open the file it's actually very good to actually close it because that could create problems
if you don't make your application little bit slower.
There we go and we close it right now.
This might work out of the box for Windows users right away.
You might not have a problem but if you are a Mac user like I am or a Linux user and this is this is
a go for your Windows uses to actually listen to what I'm saying because you would probably have this
problem when you go on line in production.
So make sure that your server has rights to write to the file you are pacis server.
So I'm going to go here to Demel.
I'm going to refresh and you can see the file right here.
If I click on it it's going to say permission denied.
That's because Apache those have permission.
So if you have Linux or you in a Mac I yes.
For you to actually give you permission so you can look on Google right now is one of my best friends.
You can say gif Apache permission to write BHB something like that.
And then you go to this Web site very famous here Apache stock stack overflow.
And it would tell you how to do it.
All right.
Right here is one easy way of doing doing it.
You use a command called C H O W N for change ownership.
All right.
And basically it's saying give ownership to this which is Apache and and in the group and a user group
and the user right give permission.
All right so basically you're giving ownership to Apache to this file right here at the end.
And then you're changing permission to 0 7 4 4 OK basically this permission allows you to have access
to that which is 7 7 7 right.
But there is also another way let me also give you another link here let me show you
find a better way.
OK this is one way of doing it.
We can see change ownership Dasch are.
All right.
Oh this is for Apache for Linux users and Mac users for Windows users.
I just watch it because you might need to use that on your production environment.
Right.
But this is how you look for information and you play around with it.
But so we have this problem now right that we can.
I'm going to show you how I'm going to solve it in my computer.
I'm just going to go to the file I'm going to go to them all.
I'm going to right click on them all and get info.
And as you can see right here the permissions only edit has permission to write and read and write and
nobody else.
So I'm going to solve it by giving everybody reading write permission.
You don't want to do that.
All right.
In a production environment just want to get permission to that up to Apache.
So let's refresh here.
But this time I want to show you what it's going to do.
So let me just put this here so you can see so if I refresh it you're going to see the file being created
because right now we don't have the file.
So let's refresh and you can see the example that the HD was created.
Pretty cool stuff right.
So in the next election going to show you some more tricks.
So that way you can learn more about working with files with BHB.
Thank you so much and I'll see you in the next lecture.